[DOC] Governance update (#615)
ME-ICA/tedana: docs/roadmap.rst

Project vision
--------------

``tedana`` was originally developed as a place for the multi-echo fMRI
denoising method that was originally defined in ME-ICA 
(`ME-ICA source <https://github.com/ME-ICA/me-ica>`_. tedana was designed to
be more understandable, modular, and adaptable so that it can serve as a
testing ground for novel multi-echo fMRI denoising methods. We have expanded
to welcome additional multi-echo fMRI processing approaches, and to support
communal resources for multi-echo fMRI, whether or not people use the tedana

> software.

Reviewer: Should we drop that ending part of the sentence? It sounds a bit weird to me. Maybe it's something a native English speaker would say, but I think we can drop that part because it doesn't add to the previous sentence.

Reviewer 2: Which part, just after the last comma?

Reviewer: Yes, that part. Sorry if that wasn't very clear.

Author: I tweaked the language a bit. I do want to emphasize that we welcome documentation additions and resources whether or not they are within what the tedana code is focused on.

> communal resources for multi-echo fMRI, whether or not people use the tedana
> software.

Author: ```suggestion
communal resources for multi-echo fMRI, whether or not they
directly involve the tedana software.
```
